README.md, before:

# Unc0ver Jailbreak Guide - iOS 18.1 - 18.5 beta Compatibility 
How to Install Unc0ver Jailbreak via Esign, TrollStore, AltStore, Sideloadly, and Jailbreak an iPhone or iPad (iOS 12–14.8). Also, iOS 17–17.6.1 (iOS 18 - 18.1) Compatibility and Jailbreak Solutions.

unc0ver is a semi-untethered jailbreak tool that supports iOS 12 through iOS 14.8. The latest version of unc0ver jailbreak is v8.0.2, which includes bug fixes and improvements.

Before downloading and installing the Unc0ver jailbreak tool on your iPhone, iPad, or Apple TV, check that it is compatible with your device using Zeejb's AI-powered Unc0ver jailbreak checker tool. 

[unc0ver jailbreak checker](https://bit.ly/unc0ver-Jailbreak-For-iOS-17)

## Download unc0ver v 8.0.2 iPA file

Changes: 
Add exploit guidance to improve reliability on A12-A13 iPhones running iOS 14.6-14.8
Fix exploit reliability on iPhone XS devices running iOS 14.6-14.8

[Download unc0ver v8.0.2](https://ipa.zeejb.com)

_____________________________________________________________
Read More : 
- [i4Tool for install Unc0ver + Jailbreak Apps On iOS 18.4.1 - iOS 17.7.4 ](https://github.com/iOS17/i4Tools)
- [iOS 18.5 Jailbreak Online](https://zeejb.com/jailbreak-ios-18-5/)

_____________________________________________________________

This guide explains how to install Unc0ver using TrollStore (Permanent), Sideloadly, Esign, Gbox, and AltStore, and jailbreak your iPhone or iPad on iOS 12-14.8.

Before downloading the unc0ver jailbreak tool, make sure it is compatible with your iPhone or iPad. If your device is included in the list below, you can jailbreak it. Otherwise, see Jailbreak Solutions for a real jailbreak experience.

**Check unc0ver Compatibility for iOS 18.5, 17.7.1 - iOS 15, 11 for free **- [AI Jailbreak Finder App](https://ipa.zeejb.com/jailbreak/)

### Device compatibility

iPhone 12 Mini, iPhone 12, iPhone 12 and iPhone 12 Pro Max, iPhone11, iPhone 11 Pro, iPhone 11 Pro Max, iPhone XS, XS Max, XR, iPhone X, iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone SE, iPhone 5s,12.9 iPad Pro (2nd gen.12.9)  iPad Pro, 1st gen.10.5 iPad Pro, 9.7 iPad Pro, iPad Air 2, iPad Air, iPad,5th gen, iPad mini 4, iPad mini 3, iPad mini 2, 3rd gen 2018 iPad Pro models & iPod touch 6G

Note:
iOS 14.4 – iOS 14.5.1 - only for A12 – A14
A14 - Phone 12 & 12 Mini / iPhone 12 Pro & 12 Pro Max
A13 - iPhone 11 / iPhone 11 Pro & 11 Pro Max / iPhone SE (2nd generation)
A12 - iPhone XS & XS Max / iPhone XR

iOS 14.6 – iOS 14.8 supports only for A12/A13 iPhones.
A13 - iPhone 11 / iPhone 11 Pro & 11 Pro Max / iPhone SE (2nd generation)
A12 - iPhone XS & XS Max / iPhone XR


If your device is not included in the list above, try installing Jailbreak Solutions.

[Cripzi Jailbreak Signer for iOS 18 - 18.5](https://zeejb.com/cripzi-jailbreak-repo-signer/)
[Pikzo Jailbreak Repo Extractor for iOS 17 - 18.5.1](https://zeejb.com/pikzo-jailbreak-ios-12-to-ios-13-1-2/)

**Read More:**
[iOS 15 - iOS 16.4.1/18.5 Jailbreak Released : Xinam1ne Jailbreak Tool](https://github.com/iOS17/Xinam1ne-Jailbreak)



## How to Install Unc0ver Jailbreak 
There are numerous ways to install the Unc0ver jailbreak, which can be divided into two categories: online and with a PC. So, please go ahead and select how you want to install Unc0ver from the options listed below.

- Online Methods/Without PC
- Offline/With PC Method

### Install unc0ver Online 

You can now install unc0ver jailbreak online without a PC; this is the most popular and easiest method. Thanks to the lead developer pwn20wnd and the unc0ver team, users can now easily install unc0ver online without coding or developer knowledge using the user-friendly UI and instructions.

#01 Install unc0ver Via U04S Store:

U04S Store is a dedicated store that is not part of the official unc0ver team. However, they do offer to sign services for installing unc0ver jailbreak online. Also, if users have not yet gained experience installing and using unc0ver, a development community will assist customers with installing the jailbreak tool individually. According to our research, they have installed the unc0ver jailbreak tool on over 1,000 handsets worldwide. You can read their reviews on Twitter (https://x.com/u04sx).

[Download U04S Store](https://u04s.com)

### How to install:
Step 01: Download and tap on [Install the U04S Store Profile](https://u04s.com/).
Step 02: Install the Store via iPhone Settings. (Open iPhone/iPad Settings > General > Device and Profile Management > Find the Profile called 'U04S' Store > Then tap on the install button, then confirm the installation again.)
<img width="100%" alt="iOS 17 -iOS 17.4.1 unc0ver jailbreak" src="https://github.com/iOS17/unc0ver-jailbreak/assets/135683347/cec3e228-a038-4cc6-a619-04bc54fb2712">

Step 03: After installing the U04S Store, return to the home screen and open the U04S App. 
Step 04: After downloading the U04S Store, you have a free installation option; however, if you want to receive the app without Restrictions, you can purchase the premium, signed unc0ver app. 

### 02 Install unc0ver Via Scarlet Store:

![How to install unc0ver Jailbreak online via Scarlet iOS app](https://github.com/iOS17/unc0ver-jailbreak/assets/135683347/984a857d-c9df-4f80-8dd3-cac19b81c146)


Scarlet is another iOS app manager app popular for directly installing IPA files without a PC. It is the same as the u04s store, the Cydia Impactor alternative. Scarlet can seamlessly inject tweaks into an IPA using its repo system. 

How to install: 
Step 01:[Download and Install Scarlet Store](https://resources.usescarlet.com/install.php) 
(If the above download link is revoked, you can use premium signing services like Scarlet Pro Installer)
Step 02: Open the Scarlet App, then navigate into the Jailbreak tab and choose unc0ver
Step 03: Tap on the Install button, then unc0ver will install on your device's home screen
Step 04: Open unc0ver and do the jailbreak. (How to Jailbreak Guide)

### 03 Install unc0ver Via AltStore:
AltServer: only compatible with iOS 12.2 and up.

01. Download & install the latest versions of AltServer Download
02. Connect your iOS Device to your Mac or PC via USB
03. Click AltStore/AltServer in the Menu Bar/System Tray
04. Click Install AltStore
05. Open Settings and navigate to General -> Device Management and verify AltStore
06. Open iTunes (Windows or macOS Mojave or older) or Finder (macOS Catalina or newer) and enable syncing over WiFi
07. Download the unc0ver IPA file and open it in AltStore.

**Make sure your iOS Device and Mac or Windows PC are connected to the same WiFi network**


iOS 14	14.8, 14.7.1, 14.7, 14.6, 14.5.1, 14.5, 14.4.2, 14.4.1, 14.4, 14.3, 14.2.1, 14.2, 14.1, 14.0.1, 14.0
iOS 13	13.7, 13.6.1, 13.6, 13.5.1, 13.5, 13.4.1, 13.4.1, 13.4, 13.3.1
iOS 12	12.5.7, 12.5.6, 12.5.5, 12.4, 12.5.4, 12.5.3, 12.5.2, 12.5.1, 12.5, 12.4.9, 12.4.8, 12.4.7, 12.4.6, 12.4.5
iOS 11  11.0.1, 11.0.2, 11.0.3, 11.1, 11.1.1, 11.1.2, 11.2, 11.2.1, 11.2.2, 11.2.5, 11.2.6, 11.3, 11.3.1, 11.4

Commit message:

unc0ver Jailbreak iOS 18.6 & iOS 26.md
unc0ver Jailbreak iOS 18.6 & iOS 26 Installation guide and posibilities

README.md, after:

# Unc0ver Jailbreak Guide - iOS 18.1 - 18.6 beta 3 & iOS 26 beta 3 Compatibility 
How to Install Unc0ver Jailbreak via Esign, TrollStore, AltStore, Sideloadly, and Jailbreak an iPhone or iPad (iOS 12–14.8). Additionally, iOS 17–17.7.2 (iOS 18 - 18.1, 18.2, 18.3, 18.4, 18.5) Compatibility and Jailbreak Solutions.

unc0ver is a semi-untethered jailbreak tool that supports iOS 12 through iOS 14.8. The latest version of unc0ver jailbreak is v8.0.2, which includes bug fixes and improvements.

Before downloading and installing the Unc0ver jailbreak tool on your iPhone, iPad, or Apple TV, verify its compatibility with your device using Zeejb's AI-powered Unc0ver jailbreak checker tool. 

[unc0ver jailbreak checker](https://zeejb.com/ai/unc0ver-checker/)

## Download unc0ver v 8.0.2 iPA file

Changes: 
Add exploit guidance to improve reliability on A12-A13 iPhones running iOS 14.6-14.8
Fix exploit reliability on iPhone XS devices running iOS 14.6-14.8

[Download unc0ver v8.0.2](https://ipa.zeejb.com/ipa.php?app=Unc0ver%20Jailbreak&id=4398)

_____________________________________________________________
Read More : 
- [How to jailbreak iOS 26, Solutions, Cdyia Sileo Installation](https://github.com/iOS17/Jailbreak-iOS-26)
- [i4Tool for install Unc0ver + Jailbreak Apps On iOS 18.4.1 - iOS 17.7.4 ](https://github.com/iOS17/i4Tools)
- [iOS 18.5 Jailbreak Online](https://zeejb.com/jailbreak-ios-18-5/)

_____________________________________________________________

This guide explains how to install Unc0ver using TrollStore (Permanent), Sideloadly, Esign, Gbox, and AltStore, and jailbreak your iPhone or iPad on iOS 12-14.8.

Before downloading the unc0ver jailbreak tool, ensure it is compatible with your iPhone or iPad. If your device is listed below, you can proceed with the jailbreak. Otherwise, refer to Jailbreak Solutions for a genuine jailbreak experience.

**Check unc0ver Compatibility for iOS 18.6, 17.7.2 - iOS 15, 11 for free **- [AI Jailbreak Finder App](https://ipa.zeejb.com/jailbreak/)

### Device compatibility

iPhone 12 Mini, iPhone 12, iPhone 12 and iPhone 12 Pro Max, iPhone11, iPhone 11 Pro, iPhone 11 Pro Max, iPhone XS, XS Max, XR, iPhone X, iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone SE, iPhone 5s,12.9 iPad Pro (2nd gen.12.9)  iPad Pro, 1st gen.10.5 iPad Pro, 9.7 iPad Pro, iPad Air 2, iPad Air, iPad,5th gen, iPad mini 4, iPad mini 3, iPad mini 2, 3rd gen 2018 iPad Pro models & iPod touch 6G

Note:
iOS 14.4 – iOS 14.5.1 - only for A12 – A14
A14 - Phone 12 & 12 Mini / iPhone 12 Pro & 12 Pro Max
A13 - iPhone 11 / iPhone 11 Pro & 11 Pro Max / iPhone SE (2nd generation)
A12 - iPhone XS & XS Max / iPhone XR

iOS 14.6 – iOS 14.8 supports only for A12/A13 iPhones.
A13 - iPhone 11 / iPhone 11 Pro & 11 Pro Max / iPhone SE (2nd generation)
A12 - iPhone XS & XS Max / iPhone XR


If your device is not included in the list above, try installing Jailbreak Solutions.
[iOS 26 - iOS 11 Jailbreak Tweaak Master](https://udidmaster.com/pro/install.php)
[Cripzi Jailbreak Signer for iOS 18 - 18.5](https://zeejb.com/cripzi-jailbreak-repo-signer/)
[Pikzo Jailbreak Repo Extractor for iOS 17 - 18.5.1](https://zeejb.com/pikzo-jailbreak-ios-12-to-ios-13-1-2/)

**Read More:**
[iOS 15 - iOS 16.4.1/18.5 Jailbreak Released : Xinam1ne Jailbreak Tool](https://github.com/iOS17/Xinam1ne-Jailbreak)



## How to Install Unc0ver Jailbreak 
There are several ways to install the Unc0ver jailbreak, which can be categorized into two primary methods: online and using a PC. So, please go ahead and select how you want to install Unc0ver from the options listed below.

- [Online Methods/Without PC](#online-methods-without-pc)
- [Offline/With PC Method](#offline-with-pc-method)

### Install unc0ver Online 

You can now install unc0ver jailbreak online without a PC; this is the most popular and easiest method. Thanks to the lead developer, pwn20wnd, and the unc0ver team, users can now easily install unc0ver online without requiring coding or developer knowledge, thanks to the user-friendly UI and clear instructions.

Learn More [unc0ver jailbreak installation on iOS 26](https://uncover-jailbreak.com/ios-26-jailbreak/)

##01 Install unc0ver Via U04S Store:

U04S Store is a dedicated store that is not part of the official unc0ver team. However, they do offer to sign services for installing unc0ver jailbreak online. Additionally, if users have not yet gained experience installing and using unc0ver, a development community will assist customers with the individual installation of the jailbreak tool. According to our research, they have installed the unc0ver jailbreak tool on over 1,000 handsets worldwide. You can read their reviews on Twitter (https://x.com/u04sx).

[Download U04S Store](https://u04s.com)

### How to install:
Step 01: Download and tap on [Install the U04S Store Profile](https://u04s.com/).
Step 02: Install the Store via iPhone Settings. (Open iPhone/iPad Settings > General > Device and Profile Management > Find the Profile called 'U04S' Store > Then tap on the install button, then confirm the installation again.)
<img width="100%" alt="iOS 17 -iOS 18.6 unc0ver jailbreak" src="https://github.com/iOS17/unc0ver-jailbreak/assets/135683347/cec3e228-a038-4cc6-a619-04bc54fb2712">

Step 03: After installing the U04S Store, return to the home screen and open the U04S App. 
Step 04: After downloading the U04S Store, you have a free installation option; however, if you want to receive the app without Restrictions, you can purchase the premium, signed unc0ver app. 

### 02 Install unc0ver via Scarlet Store:

![How to install unc0ver Jailbreak online via Scarlet iOS app](https://github.com/iOS17/unc0ver-jailbreak/assets/135683347/984a857d-c9df-4f80-8dd3-cac19b81c146)


Scarlet is another iOS app manager app popular for directly installing IPA files without a PC. It is the same as the u04s store, the Cydia Impactor alternative. Scarlet can seamlessly inject tweaks into an IPA using its repo system. 

How to install: 
Step 01:[Download and Install Scarlet Store](https://resources.usescarlet.com/install.php) 
(If the above download link is revoked, you can use premium signing services like Scarlet Pro Installer)
Step 02: Open the Scarlet App, then navigate to the Jailbreak tab and choose unc0ver
Step 03: Tap on the Install button, then unc0ver will install on your device's home screen
Step 04: Open unc0ver and do the jailbreak. (How to Jailbreak Guide)

### 03 Install unc0ver Via AltStore:
AltServer: Compatible with iOS 12.2 and later.

01. Download & install the latest versions of AltServer Download
02. Connect your iOS Device to your Mac or PC via USB
03. Click AltStore/AltServer in the Menu Bar/System Tray
04. Click Install AltStore
05. Open Settings and navigate to General -> Device Management and verify AltStore
06. Open iTunes (Windows or macOS Mojave or older) or Finder (macOS Catalina or newer) and enable syncing over WiFi
07. Download the unc0ver IPA file and open it in AltStore.

**Make sure your iOS Device and Mac or Windows PC are connected to the same WiFi network**


iOS 14	14.8, 14.7.1, 14.7, 14.6, 14.5.1, 14.5, 14.4.2, 14.4.1, 14.4, 14.3, 14.2.1, 14.2, 14.1, 14.0.1, 14.0
iOS 13	13.7, 13.6.1, 13.6, 13.5.1, 13.5, 13.4.1, 13.4.1, 13.4, 13.3.1
iOS 12	12.5.7, 12.5.6, 12.5.5, 12.4, 12.5.4, 12.5.3, 12.5.2, 12.5.1, 12.5, 12.4.9, 12.4.8, 12.4.7, 12.4.6, 12.4.5
iOS 11  11.0.1, 11.0.2, 11.0.3, 11.1, 11.1.1, 11.1.2, 11.2, 11.2.1, 11.2.2, 11.2.5, 11.2.6, 11.3, 11.3.1, 11.4
